hi girls with you channel beauty kyu
I suggest you make a whitening mask
parsley-based face
for this we only need
with parsley we buy fresh parsley
finely and cut it hot
water and boil we bring and
cover with a lid for 10-15 minutes then
the resulting mixture we can add lemon
but we add lemon only for fatty
either normal skin if you have skin
dry then we don't add lemon because
that he dries the skin a few drops
fresh lemon straight infusion
parsley then we take gauze
dressings wet them in parsley solution and
put on face for five to ten minutes
remind bleaching masks we do
either in the evening or when we don’t
going to go out to not
there was direct sunlight
on the skin of the priests moistened
[music]
I prepared these special ones
pieces that can be put on each
part of the face was
because under the eyes we guys are not
we lay down here.
forehead chin and after all this is part all
five ten minutes he if suddenly start
dry gauze dressings we
wet the tinsel and again very comfortable
have a stick like that
which collect our hair does not give them
wipe and do not interfere with the application of masks
any, I bought this striped in square
it cost literally 8 hryvnia there
different colors different shades with hearts
with circles that is, you can buy yourself 7
different pieces each of which a lot of people
rolls everything went 10 minutes we again
remove our
tried to wipe glasses with tonic
whatever you have
so what can I say about the effect
the effect of course is not immediately visible parsley
well whitens but such masks need
do at least once a week and then
maybe a couple of months will be visible
result because after the first time
it does not whiten your skin may be
a little bit on my face but I don’t
I see the differences, but here I had
the bandage was not here that is skin in
principle what was there such I will
do this mask every three days, that is, and
then I will tell you about the result
because until spring I want to maximize
try to whiten your skin
we also try subscribe to my
channel write comments ask
questions will be beautiful together